Download Link: https://assignmentchef.com/product/solved-cs-module-e
<br>
Use pointers to build a linked structure.We are beginning a new cumulative module that will simulate a simple traffic intersection.We will start by building the logic that controls the color each light displays. We will build astate transition diagram (STD) for the intersection (see the diagram at the end of thisdocument). “State” is the status of all data in a program or system. In this case we have fourlights: N, S, E, &amp; W. They have 3 colors: R, G, &amp; Y. For our simple intersection they are paired:E with W and N with S. If E-W is G or Y then NS must be R and vice versa. So what is a state?Here is an example of the state for EW-G/NS-R:EW GNS Rnextstate Pointer to next nodeData and Activity Related to this State:NrOfVehiclesAtELight NrOfVehiclesAtWLightnrOfVehiclesArrive nrOfVehiclesdepartYou will have 4 states. What are they? To simplify things use a single class for each ofthem. Define 1 State class and create 4 objects. You will need direction1 and direction2rather than explicit E, W, N, and S. You ill need data members and accessors to record andreport which directions are managed by that state; direction1 = E and so on. You need datamembers and accessors to record and report the number of vehicles waiting in each lane.NOTE: Depending upon the context I use node, state, and class interchangeably. You have aclass that is a node in a linked structure that represents a state in a STD. I suggest you callyour class State.You will have a pointer currentState that indicates which state the intersection is in. Whentime expires it follows the link to the next state (node). When the simulation first enters anode it will call nrOfVehiclesArrive() and nrOfVehiclesdepart(). for each direction that is G.The difference (arrive – depart) is the number of vehicles that added to or subtracted fromthe appropriate NrOfVehiclesAtLight counter. You will only have 5 pointers in yourprogram: the next pointer in each Node class (4), and the current pointer to the activenode/state.Randomness. For this module nrOfVehiclesdepart() will return a random number with asmall uniform distribution, e.g. 4, 5, 6, 7, or 8. Sadly some people never see the light haschanged. L For this module nrOfVehiclesArrive() should return a wider range of valuesthat probably should not have a uniform distribution. UH? WatHeSay? A uniformdistribution of 4, 5, 6, 7, or 8 means each number has the same chance of occurring. Arandom draw for each is equally likely. Think of a 5-sided die ranging from 4 to 8.nrOfVehiclesArrive() would be normally distributed, i.e. the middle value is more likely. Youcan think of rolling two 6-sided dice. The results range from 2 to 12. 2 and 12 each have a1/36 chance of occurring while a 7 has a 1/6 chance. Feel free to adjust these ranges toproduce interesting results. However, arrival and departure must be random!Time. This is a very simple intersection. All of the lights are on for the same length of time.Actually, the yellow lights do nothing. You will have a loop that goes through the states.Each iteration of the loop is one time unit. When to stop the simulation? At the beginning,prompt the user and make some suggestions. If the intersection cycles once per minutethat’s only 600 iterations for a 10 hour day. We do not vary the arrival and departure rates(to simulate rush hour or non-rush times) so setting it to 10,000 might be fun but notrealistic.Data collection. This part is up to you to design. You will calculate the average wait timefor each traffic lane. First, decide what that means. J Then determine what data to collect.At the end of the simulation report average wait time per lane for the total simulation period.You will collect all data in the appropriate node (i.e. class). You will use accessors in yourprogram to read the data to display.So you and the grader can determine the simulation is working correctly display the totalnumber of cars arriving and departing in each lane each cycle of the light. Thisinformation is not used elsewhere in the program so it can simply be printed to the screenSo you and the grader can read the output you will put in a slight delay. When debuggingand testing you might need to see the node-by-node operation of the simulation.DESIGN using decomposition and incremental development- There are 2 parts to theprogram: the state transition diagram, and the activity in the state. This simulation uses asimple STD; there are 4 states and no branching. Each state is a Node class. You need a loopthat just follows the pointer to the next node. To design the actions in each state sit downand work through how you handle traffic arriving, traffic getting through the intersection,keeping track of the cars still in each lane and what function(s) you need deliver data back toyour main program. All data and activity related to the traffic and traffic lanes MUST bedone in the State class.HINT: See the diagram at the end fo this document.NOTE: We will assume that all vehicles, bicycles, pedestrians, skateboarders, scooters, horseand buggies, skiers, and troikas obey the traffic laws. Specifically, cars stop on Yellow. JNOTE: This may seem complicated for a simple intersection and it is. It lays the foundation forfuture changes and enhancements. You will be making at least one major change to helpdemonstrate (functional or object) decomposition in your design.